Introduction
  Luke, Eric, Caitlin, Bella, and Cian take possession of NPCs within an RPG world.
  Luke takes over a regal looking man who lives in a hut on a beach after having given up his life as a knight after war.
  Eric takes over some rich schmuck. Cian takes over a young prince.
  Bella takes over a buff woman living in isolation in a swamp, torn between continuing her pursuit of divinity and her calling toward witchcraft.
  Caitlin takes over a bard whose desert town is on the brink of disaster.

Canon Choices
  Each character has a starting quest that ends with a choice that assigns them one of three classes. Each character has a canon choice they make if they are not the player character.
  Caitlin’s canon choice is Necromancer.
  Luke’s canon choice is
  Eric's canon choice is 
  Cian's canon choice is 
  Bella's canon choice is 

Starting Quests
  Caitlin starts in her desert home. Her starting quest centers around the oasis that keeps her town alive. The oasis is only made possible through the use of magic. The mage that usually takes care of it has died, and now it is up to Caitlin to solve the problem. After learning of the issue, Caitlin must investigate the mage’s home. Here, she might find magical tomes regarding elemental magics, as well as darker magics. 
  At this point, she can choose to delve deeper into his home to learn more about the magic needed to restore the oasis, give up on the magic and perform a rain dance with the townspeople, or she can make a trip to the graveyard. Performing the rain dance will cement her on the path of the Bard, whereas delving deeper will teach her magic allowing her to refill the oasis and setting her down the path of an Elementalist. 
  Should she instead go to the graveyard, she can desecrate the mage’s grave and raise him from the dead, setting her down the path of the Necromancer.

  1. Start in home.
    1a. Talk to townspeople.
  2. Go to deceased mage's house.
    2a. Look at Elemental magic tomes.
    2b. Look at Dark magic tomes.
  3. Pick which path to take.
    3a. Elemental magic.
      Learn Elemental magic to fill the oasis with water.
    3b. Dark magic.
      Learn Dark magic to resurrect the mage and command them to cast the spell.
    3c. Reject magic.
      Befriend townspeople to get them to join in a raindance.

  Cian starts in a castle.

  Eric starts in his manor.

  Luke starts in his beach hut.

  Bella starts in her swamp shack.
